 
♪
I was in pretty good shape when I was younger.
I was an athlete.
Since then, I got into the workforce,
kind of let everything go.
When I first realized that there was an issue,
I was 320 pounds.
I just felt sluggish, lack energy.
Just wanted to sleep a lot.
I was diagnosed with diabetes
and really didn't do much about it.
The downside of not addressing one's weight
and diabetes is that these conditions will continue
to worsen over time such as decreased sensation
in your feet, losing a limb,
developing kidney dysfunction,
developing heart problems, all those things
once they start to develop are not reversible.
I realized I've got to try to get healthier.
I've kids to raise and a family to support.
So I would start on a treadmill, maybe walk
for 15 minutes and I'd be just beat.
When I first saw him, he told me
that he had already lost about 35 pounds
by going back to the gym, the exercise, and cut down
on this portion sizes.
But he had kind of hit a wall around 280.
I couldn't lose any more weight,
no matter how much I worked out
the rest of it wasn't going away.
Many patients will hit a roadblock
so it was very important that we talked about
that this is normal, that you are not alone.
That if you do the things that
we know work, that we can help you.
Dr. Pantalone was able to diagnose the situation.
Explained to me why I'm not gonna lose any
more weight is cause my metabolism basically has stopped.
So we needed to address it.
Historically, many medications that
were used to treat patients
with type two diabetes would cause further weight gain.
We put them on new medications that
not only helped improve his blood sugar control
but can also help the patients lose weight.
I lost 40 pounds, six months
with the help of Dr. Pantalone.
The transformation is amazing.
I walked in the gym this morning,
saw a guy that I haven't seen for about four months.
Didn't even recognized me.
The most important message here is
that weight loss is possible.
While you may have failed in the
past, or you may not have seen the results
that you were hoping to see in the past,
if you work with your medical team
to identify a program that works for you,
you can get your diabetes under control.
You can lose weight and you can feel better.
When I started this process,
I was 320 pounds and now I am 240 pounds.
So I've lost a total of 80 pounds.
My overall energy is just amazing.
I would certainly recommend it
to anybody that has a situation with diabetes
That this can happen to someone like Danny.
It can happen to all of us
but there is hope and we all can get things back on track.
If I hadn't done anything about it,
it's hard to say what could have happened.
So thankfully for the Cleveland clinic
and Dr. Pantalone, I've been able to get this
under control and I'm a new person.
♪